---
tags:
  - project
  - legal_document
aliases:
  - 0804csdpiadoc00
date of note: 2024-02-27
name: Global Data Protection Impact Assessment for CS data digestion
---

>[!quote]
>* Describe how the Tool gathers and processes customer data.


At contact time, we listen for events (SNS messages) sent from the [Junction service](https://w.amazon.com/bin/view/CS_Neuron_and_Wit/Neuron/Junction/) owned by CS Neuron Team. The output fields are listed in section 3.2.

Once the event is received, we retrieve the transcript and supporting data, apply the standard natural language processing (NLP) methods to parse text, filter irrelevant sentence and remove sensitive information, for instance:

1. Contact Group Identification and Filtering: In this step, we separate the human-human interactions from human-bot interactions as we only focus on human-human interactions.

2.  Sentence Filtering: we further remove sentences in raw transcript that are not related to refund and return events.

3. Sentence Grouping: we then group sentence by different parties, and drop sentences from Amazon agent.

4. Customer-Identifying Data Removal: we detect customer name, address, locations, organization as well as other customer information in the transcript and we remove them or mask them with common tokens (e.g. using ‘Name’ in place of real customer name).

5. Text Normalization: using other ad-hoc rules to normalize the text format of dialogue.

Finally, after text processing, we are feeding transformed text into natural language models. Additional steps in model inference are

1. Tokenization
2. Text Embedding
3. Abuse Risk Level Categorization / Abuse Event Summarization.  

The model inference results (i.e. the risk evaluation) would be persisted for future retrieval used for human investigation as well as risk evaluation as part of Refund Interception.


