---
tags:
  - project
  - buyer_seller_messaging
  - context_enhanced_bap
  - reversal_reclassification
aliases:
  - 0801bsmrnr00
date of note: 2024-02-28
name: BSM Reversal and Reclassification
author:
---
# Background

[[RnR Background]]

Here are some main points for why RnR is proposed:

- Concession reason code plays an important role when identifying and measuring abuse in BAP. 
  
- Concession reasons are generated by different clients at different channels, each has authority to grant concession for a specific subset of orders. 
  
- Concession reason code does not accurately represent the concession event. 
	- Buyer or other agent who files the request did not know the correct reason code.
	- There is no direct match of pre-defined concession reason for the given event. 
	- The reason code as variable would be corrupted in the data ingestion.
	- The reason code may be processed to fit the needs of the client. 
	  
- Incorrect reason code would greatly damage BAP ability to detect abuse.
	- higher label noise in training set
	- corrupting risk variables, thus preventing the enforcement actions from taking place in future
	- lead to false positives in business metrics and dashboards.
	  
- **MFN Abuse Reversal and Re-classification (RnR)** aims at developing mechanisms that will enable us to systematically identify and eliminate the noise related to incorrect concession reason code in MFN space.
	- **Reversal** aims at reverse the abuse flag (from abuse to non-abuse) on given refund;
	- **Re-classification** aims at re-classify the abuse type associated with a given refund, or returns. 
	  
- In particular, the main goal is to use additional context from BSM to identify the events happened behind the scene. 



# Reversal Flag and Definitions



# Data









-----------
##  Recommended Notes

- Check BSM data description, access, owner and pipeline in [[Buyer Seller Messaging (BSM) Entry Point]]