---
tags:
  - project
  - buyer_seller_messaging
  - reversal_reclassification
aliases: 
date of note: 2024-03-06
---
Here are some main points for why RnR is proposed:

- Concession reason code plays an important role when identifying and measuring abuse in BAP. 
  
- Concession reasons are generated by different clients at different channels, each has authority to grant concession for a specific subset of orders. 
	- **CS agents** can grant concessions to *Amazon orders*, *Fulfilled-by-Amazon (FBA) orders* (both are ***AFN orders***), *CS-by-Amazon (SBA) orders* (seller who enrolled in CSBA program allows CS to take concession request on behalf of them.) CAP team is a specialized team within CS team who can grant concessions after abuse investigation. 
	- **Seller** who has not enrolled in any above programs (FBA, CSBA) can grant concessions to *core MFN orders*. 
	- **A-to-Z Claim investigators** can grant concessions to buyer if the A-to-Z Guarantee Claim is approved. 
	  
- Concession reason code does not accurately represent the concession event. 
	- Buyer or other agent who files the request did not know the correct reason code.
	- There is no direct match of pre-defined concession reason for the given event. This is due to sophisticated interactions in the order-concession life cycle. 
	- The reason code as variable would be corrupted in the data ingestion. It can be missing, overwritten by other events or simply cannot be representative of the true value at the source. 
	- The reason code may be processed to fit the needs of the client. Different clients have different motivations to process the reason code. For instance, a seller can initiate a refund selecting “_NOTR_” reason code for a customer contact related to a _return_. This way his seller abuse metric would not be hurt. On the other hand, A-to-Z claim team would group multiple different refund reason into a single one to facilitate automation. 
	  
-  Incorrect reason code would greatly damage BAP ability to detect abuse.
	- An incorrect concession reason code can lead to false positives in business reports, confusions in investigations  
	- It will increase label noises in model training data.
	- It may also prevent us from applying appropriate frictions/treatments for future orders.
	  
- **MFN Abuse Reversal and Re-classification (RnR)** aims at developing mechanisms that will enable us to systematically identify and eliminate the noise related to incorrect concession reason code in MFN space.
	- **Reversal** aims at reverse the abuse flag (from abuse to non-abuse) on given refund;
	- **Re-classification** aims at re-classify the abuse type associated with a given refund, or returns. 




>[!quote]
> Buyer abuse relies heavily on the concession reason to. However, since MFN concessions get initiated by multiple clients (e.g., CS associate, CAP, Seller, AtoZ investigator) through different channels, we lack control of the usage of concession reason across all the refund initiating channels. For example, a seller can initiate a refund selecting “_NOTR_” reason code for a customer contact related to a _return_. An incorrect concession reason code can lead to false positives in business reports, confusions in investigations and increased label noises in model training data. It may also prevent us from applying appropriate frictions/treatments for future orders. Thus, it is very important that we develop mechanisms that will enable us to systematically identify and eliminate the noise from MFN concessions data. 
> 
> The task for **_MFN Abuse Reversal and Re-classification (RnR)_** is to identify among MFN abuse population, which one is not abusive (**_Reversal_**) and which one does not belong to the specific abuse type (**_Re-classification_**). The Reversal and Re-classification is critical for business review in order to rule out non-abusive population from the business goals.
> 








-----------
##  Recommended Notes